{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13480\viewh12480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Motivations for applying\

\b0 \
I am motivated to apply for this internship by my belief that the Economist is the best source of weekly news in print (or online) in the United States. I would be honored to join a team that helps create this product.  \
\

\b Skills and experience\

\b0 \
I have experience applying statistics in a behavioral genetics laboratory under the direction of professors Susan C. P. Renn and Albyn Jones. In my research with them, I solved applied problems having to do with interpretation of data using R, a programming language new to me at the time. I found the work satisfying, so much so that my last subject of study at the laboratory evolved naturally into my senior thesis.  I believe my facility with the language of statistics would help me identify trends and interpret costumer habits. I see this internship as an opportunity to apply not only the skills I learned as an undergraduate, but also my own natural creativity.  \

\b \
Personal qualities\

\b0 \
I am a free thinker. I have a naturally critical eye which, after studying statistics, I am well equipped to turn toward data gathering and interpretation. I have strong social skills, as evidenced by my four years as a member of the Reed College ultimate frisbee team and a recent volunteer position as an outdoor trip student leader. I am sharp, calm, and imaginative: a goal-oriented team player. These skills and characteristics make me the best person for the Ideas lab internship position. I would appreciate the opportunity to further discuss my background and the internship position with you. I can be reached by phone at (714) 362 6823, or by email at andywinterman@gmail.com\
\
}