{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11760\viewh13140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Andrew S. Winterman\

\b0\fs20 (714) 362 6823\
andywinterman@gmail.com
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9300\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\qc\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b\fs24 \cf0 Summary: 
\b0\fs20 Mathematics major with extensive coursework in physics.
\b\fs24 \
\
Education: 
\b0\fs20 B.A. (Dec 2010), Mathematics Reed College. Portland, Oregon. \
German Language Immersion (Summer 2009) at the Deutsche Sommerschule am Pazifik, Portland, Oregon.\
Spanish Language Immersion (Summer 2006) at the Universidad Belgrano. Buenos Aires, Argentina.
\b\fs24 \
\
Employment History\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Voz, Fall 2009       	Volunteer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Conducted english classes in spanish and english for adult day laborers.
\b\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Reed College \
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Summer 2009	Mathematical Research\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Studied combinatorics with Prof. V. Rao Potluri, in particular Polya's theory of counting.
\b\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras, SPECLAB.\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Fall 2008	Material Physics Intern\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Responsible for carrying out scientific procedure, tabulating results. Coauthor on the paper: N. M. Murari, R. Thomas, A. Winterman, R. E. Melgarejo, S. P. Pavunny, and R. S. Katiyar. "Structural, electrical, and magnetic properties of chemical solution deposited Bi(Fe
\fs12 \sub 0.95
\fs20 \nosupersub Cr
\fs12 \sub 0.05
\fs20 \nosupersub )O
\fs12 \sub 3
\fs20 \nosupersub  thin films on platinized silicon substrates,"\shad\shadx12\shady-25\shadr110\shado176 \shadc0  \shad0 J. Appl Physics 
\b 105
\b0 , 084110 (2009). 
\b\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
Westf\'e4lische Wilhelms-Universit\'e4t M\'fcnster & the German Academic Exchange\
Service (DAAD)\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Summer 2008	Material Physics Intern\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Won competitive scholarship to study in Germany. Responsible for carrying out procedure of a complicated scientific experiment. Operated advanced scientific machinery including:  tomographic atom probe, transmission electron microscope, field ion microscope. \

\b\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Ayuda Directa, \
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Summer 2007	\
Building Construction and English Tutoring in Ecuador	Volunteer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Helped tear down and construct concrete cement buildings. Tutored more advanced Ecuadorian students in English vocabulary and grammar.\

\b\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\slleading100\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Tools: 
\b0\fs20 Wolfram's Mathematica, gnu-R.
\b\fs24  \
Languages: 
\b0\fs20 Advanced Spanish, Intermediate German.
\b\fs24 \
Interests: 
\b0\fs20 Reed Ultimate Frisbee (competitive sports team, member: 2006-present), cooking, commuting by bicycle, traveling, tango, piano.
\b\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \
}